Snowflake keypair (#9407)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/connect-data-platform/connect-snowflake.md

**Note**: The *Schema** field in the **Developer Credentials** section is required.
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-platform/snowflake-userpass-auth.png" width="70%" title="Snowflake username/password authentication"/>
:::note Snowflake authentication in the dbt platform

**Prerequisites:**
- A development environment in a <Constant name="dbt" /> project
- The Duo authentication app
- Admin access to Snowflake (if MFA settings haven't already been applied to the account)
- [Admin (write) access](/docs/platform/manage-access/seats-and-users) to <Constant name="dbt" /> environments
You cannot create new Snowflake credentials with username and password in <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. New development and deployment credentials default to [key pair](#key-pair) authentication. For development credentials on Enterprise-tier plans, [Snowflake OAuth](#snowflake-oauth) is also available when configured on the connection. To update existing password credentials, refer to [Migrate from username and password](#migrate-from-username-and-password).

> [MFA](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-mfa) is required by Snowflake for all `Username / Password` logins. Snowflake's MFA support is powered by the Duo Security service.

Reviewer: Isn't username/password with MFA still supported? I think we should leave this in until that's gone

Reviewer: NVMD - I see it moved below

For more information on configuring a Snowflake OAuth connection in <Constant name="dbt" />, please see [the docs on setting up Snowflake OAuth](/docs/platform/manage-access/set-up-snowflake-oauth).
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-platform/dbt-platform-enterprise/database-connection-snowflake-oauth.png" width="55%" title="Configuring Snowflake OAuth connection"/>

> ### Migrate from username and password

Reviewer: The title of this section indicates to me that it's going to provide instructions for migrating and it's not really the purprose (maybe?) 

It might better serve te reader to make the front half of this a callout with lines 94-102, urging the user to move away

Then have the section for ### Username & password with MFA (or something like that) to address the MFA configs

**Available in:** Existing development and deployment credentials only

If your credentials still use username and password, you can view the existing configuration in **Credentials**, connection profiles, or deployment credential forms, but you cannot save changes until you switch **Auth method** to key pair or OAuth. A warning banner may also appear at the top of your account when password credentials are still in use.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-platform/snowflake-password-auth-warning-banner.png" width="85%" title="Snowflake password authentication warning banner at the top of the account"/>

> To move off username and password, follow the steps in [Key pair](#key-pair) or [Snowflake OAuth](#snowflake-oauth).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate off of username and password, follow the steps in [Key pair](#key-pair) or [Snowflake OAuth](#snowflake-oauth).
```
